It was ridiculous. Like, it was like everybody and
their mom was going to go to that thing. Okay? If
you wanted to have anonymous sex, good luck with
that, because you know everybody who was going.
So, it was like... It was definitely the event to
go to. Like, if I could describe it in a metaphor,
the Sugar Shack was smaller, intimate, raw...
But it was also amazing, to be honest with you,
to watch particularly a lot of Black folks
— but there were other folks in there,
too — and to see what the nuances and what it
took to create a space that was more like a sexy,
sexy space for people of colour. And
what the differences were around our
experiences as queer people of colour, our
internalized stuff, our cultural stuff. Just
general diversity and experiences we
have in relationships we have, period,
but also with our families that are in contrast to
white queer spaces. You know? And I didn’t realize
that there was these differences necessarily
until I got to larger bathhouse spaces.